chore: first stab at documenting SLOs (#2491)
twilio-labs/paste: internal-docs/engineering/sli-slo/doc-site.md

# Service Overview

The Paste doc site is a static website that serves Paste guidelines, roadmap and component documentation.

[Dashboard](https://app.datadoghq.com/dashboard/p79-36e-cxi/paste-monitoring-dashboard?from_ts=1656022950408&to_ts=1656026550408&live=true)

## Critical User Journeys

1. The static website that serves guidelines and documentation for components, enables product designers and engineers internally and externally, to understand how to use Paste to build Twilio products and build on the Twilio Platform with.
2. The static site serves a search functionality to enable users to find documentation quicker.
3. The static site houses a list of design tokens which codifies the Twilio Design language, and provides a search / filter functionality.
4. The static site houses the Paste roadmap to inform consumers of what is coming next.

> ## Golden Signals Metrics

Reviewer: suggestion (non-blocking): remove heading until content is ready?

Reviewer: ah

### Traffic

All user sessions are tracked captured in DataDog RUM.

## Service Dependencies

| Type     | Name    | SLA     | Notes                                                               |
| -------- | ------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| External | Netlify | 99.999% | If Netlify breaches SLA the whole site will go down, with no backup |

## SLIs and SLOs

| Category     | SLI                                                      | SLO     | Notes                                                  |
| ------------ | -------------------------------------------------------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| Availability | Proportion of successful requests to the Paste Docs site | 99.99%  | [Monitor](https://app.datadoghq.com/monitors/74640746) |
| Availability | Proportion of successful searches                        | 99.99%  | [Monitor](https://app.datadoghq.com/monitors/74642104) |

> | Availability | Proportion of successful roadmap views                   | 99.99%  | Monitor                                                |

Reviewer 2: Question: is this monitor supposed to be a link?

Author: Not yet, not all of them have been built yet. We don't actually need them to be running ot get sign off, but I thought I'd build a few to get the ball rolling and have some prior art for folks to copy.

| Performance  | Page load time under industry standard                   | < 3s    | [Monitor](https://app.datadoghq.com/monitors/74354008) |
| Performance  | Web vital - Avg Largest Contentful Paint                 | < 4s    | [Monitor](https://app.datadoghq.com/monitors/74352039) |
| Performance  | Web vital - Tokens list Largest Contentful Paint         | < 4s    | [Monitor](https://app.datadoghq.com/monitors/74354388) |
| Performance  | Web vital - Avg First Input Delay                        | < 300ms | [Monitor](https://app.datadoghq.com/monitors/74353421) |

## Rationale

> Pure Front End SLOs are a uncommon. We prioritize availability base on peoples success of "buidling" with Paste, and web performance to exemplify good performance best practices.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Pure Front End SLOs are a uncommon. We prioritize availability based on peoples success of "buidling" with Paste, and web performance to exemplify good performance best practices.
```

> Pure Front End SLOs are a uncommon. We prioritize availability base on peoples success of "buidling" with Paste, and web performance to exemplify good performance best practices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pure Front End SLOs are uncommon. We prioritize availability based on people's success of "building" with Paste, and web performance to exemplify good performance best practices.
```

## Error Budget

> Error budgets are only defined per availability monitor.

Author: Ah, it means that error budgets only exist for the availability monitors. If that helps, I can reword it to be that.
